Fix Popover z-index issue (#1020)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/orange-yaks-unite.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': major
---

> Fixed a bug in the Popover component by applying z-index to the Popper element.

Reviewer: Changing the `z-index` is an implementation detail as is the fact that the popover component is using Popper under the hood. Always ask yourself: what information is relevant to the users of Circuit UI?

```suggestion
Fixed a bug in the Popover component to correctly stack the popover content on top of the overlay on mobile.
```

Author: Thank you 🌟. Will update it!
